[CF1] Limitations for lb tunnels (#2010)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/cloudflare-one/src/content/connections/connect-apps/routing-to-tunnel/lb.md

## Optional: Configure additional Cloudflare settings

> The application will default to the Cloudflare settings of the hostname in your account that includes the Cloudflare Tunnel Load Balancer records, including [cache rules](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/202775670-Customizing-Cloudflare-s-cache) and [firewall policies](https://developers.cloudflare.com/firewall/). You can changes these settings for your hostname in Cloudflare's dashboard.

Reviewer: "The application will default to the Cloudflare settings of the hostname in your account that includes the Cloudflare Tunnel Load Balancer records" feels kinda roundabout. 

Would something like "The application will default to the hostname's Cloudflare settings that include the Cloudflare Tunnel Load Balancer records" help a bit?

> The application will default to the Cloudflare settings of the hostname in your account that includes the Cloudflare Tunnel Load Balancer records, including [cache rules](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/202775670-Customizing-Cloudflare-s-cache) and [firewall policies](https://developers.cloudflare.com/firewall/). You can changes these settings for your hostname in Cloudflare's dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application will default to the Cloudflare settings of the hostname in your account that includes the Cloudflare Tunnel Load Balancer records, including [cache rules](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cache/best-practices/customize-cache) and [firewall policies](https://developers.cloudflare.com/firewall/). You can changes these settings for your hostname in Cloudflare's dashboard.
```

## Known limitations

### Monitors and TCP Tunnel origins

If you have a tunnel to a port or ssh port, you **cannot** run a TCP health check.

Instead, set up a health check endpoint in `cloudflared` — for example, an ingress entry that returns a fixed http status response — and create an **HTTP** [monitor](https://developers.cloudflare.com/load-balancing/understand-basics/monitors) for that endpoint. This monitor will only verify that your server is reachable, **not** whether it is up and can accept requests.

### Named Tunnels and replicas

> If you see dropped sessions when using Named Tunnels [running as replicas](/connections/connect-apps/run-tunnel/deploy-cloudflared-replicas), you will need to either enable Local Traffic Management or set up each named tunnel as a separate origin.

Author: What is the customer-facing name for `Local Traffic Management`?

Reviewer 2: @abelinkinbio @nmldiegues would love your help here! 😄

Reviewer 3: > If you see dropped sessions [...] set up each named tunnel as a separate origin

This phrasing is passive and potentially confusing, especially since it's not possible to configure a Named Tunnel as *multiple* origins within a pool. Perhaps something along these lines:

> Session affinity is maintained across an entire Named Tunnel as a Load Balancing origin, not between tunnel replicas. To maintain affinity to individual service instances behind tunnel replicas, use Local Traffic Management or use different Named Tunnel IDs.

> This issue is caused by how our load balancers identify tunnels. A named tunnel ID will be treated as a single origin (regardless of the number of replicas), meaning that [Session Affinity](https://developers.cloudflare.com/load-balancing/understand-basics/session-affinity) will not be able to distinguish between different replicas and may direct end-user requests to the incorrect origin server.

Reviewer 3: This gives more detail about the restriction above, but has too much (slightly wrong) technical information and should not suggest that requests will reach the "incorrect origin server".

Author: Howdy @gofish, I pushed some changes to (hopefully) address your comments. Let me know if I'm still missing the mark.

### Local connection preference

If you notice traffic imbalances across origin servers in different locations, you may have to adjust your load balancer setup. 

`cloudflared` connections give preference to tunnels that terminate in the same data center (local connections). This behavior can impact how connections are weighted and traffic is distributed.

> The solution depends on the type of tunnel being used:

Reviewer: We should use bulleted lists for three or more items.

> Currently, `cloudflared` connections give preference to whichever data center was associated with the end user's first request. This behavior can impact how connections are weighted and traffic is distributed.

Reviewer 3: Drop "Currently, " and add clarify that "preference" is given when the tunnel terminates in the same data center, i.e. there is a "local connection".

- If running Classic Tunnels, put your origins in different pools

> - If running Named Tunnels (using a shared ID), set each tunnel up as a different origin

Reviewer 3: - If running Named Tunnels replicas, switch to separate Named Tunnels as distinct origins.
